agile_assessment_prompts.md, before:

# Agile Assesment

True

More True than False

More False than True

False

Not applicable


## Community and Culture
1. Team members self-select their next work item and are trusted to complete the work
2. The team's pace is sustainable indefinitely, without major risk of burnout
3. The team feels collectively responsible for the whole deliverable/codebase, rather than "just my part"
4. The customer knows the team members and interacts with them each week
5. The team is made of motivated individuals who are given the environment and resources they need  
7. The team truly believes that everyone did the best job they could, given what they knew at the time, their skills and abilities, the resources available, and the situation at hand
8. The team feels comfortable giving feedback to each other and to management about how things are going
9. The team works collaboratively toward a common vision

## Adaptability

1. The team plans most for the work to be done in the next few weeks, and plans little for the work to be done later than that
2. The team accomodates and embraces requested customer changes
3. The team lets clients know the cost to requested changes, such as reducing other scope, or additional fee
4. The team views change as a means to strenghten our customers' advantages
5. The whole team is part of the planning process, agreeing to the next amount of work planned

## Quality
1. All code is inspected by peers before it's delivered
2. The team's changes are integrated regularly, with the product built at least daily
3. The team contributes to and executes an extensive suite of automated tests
4. The team spends time to simplify and refactor the code and design of the product

## Value focus
1. The team has a perpetually prioritized list of remaining work (a backlog)
2. The team has a well-known point of contact to state the business/mission value of any proposed work
3. The team delivers and demonstrates working software frequently
4. The team views working software as their primary measure of progress

## Reflection and Improvement
1. The team regularly pauses to reflect on how things are going and how things could be improved
2. For items the team wishes to improve, team members take ownership to see that the changes are made

Commit message:

Added values to our Evaluation Scale, adjusted whitespace

agile_assessment_prompts.md, after:

# Agile Assesment

## Evaluation Scale

* True (3)
* More True than False (2)
* More False than True (1)
* False (0)
* Not applicable (NULL)

## Community and Culture

1. Team members self-select their next work item and are trusted to complete the work
2. The team's pace is sustainable indefinitely, without major risk of burnout
3. The team feels collectively responsible for the whole deliverable/codebase, rather than "just my part"
4. The customer knows the team members and interacts with them each week
5. The team is made of motivated individuals who are given the environment and resources they need to complete the work
7. The team truly believes that everyone did the best job they could, given what they knew at the time, their skills and abilities, the resources available, and the situation at hand
8. The team feels comfortable giving feedback to each other and to management about how things are going
9. The team works collaboratively toward a common vision

## Adaptability

1. The team plans most for the work to be done in the next few weeks, and plans little for the work to be done later than that
2. The team accomodates and embraces requested customer changes
3. The team lets clients know the cost to requested changes, such as reducing other scope, or additional fee
4. The team views change as a means to strenghten our customers' advantages
5. The whole team is part of the planning process, agreeing to the next amount of work planned

## Quality

1. All code is inspected by peers before it's delivered
2. The team's changes are integrated regularly, with the product built at least daily
3. The team contributes to and executes an extensive suite of automated tests
4. The team spends time to simplify and refactor the code and design of the product

## Value focus

1. The team has a perpetually prioritized list of remaining work (a backlog)
2. The team has a well-known point of contact to state the business/mission value of any proposed work
3. The team delivers and demonstrates working software frequently
4. The team views working software as their primary measure of progress

## Reflection and Improvement

1. The team regularly pauses to reflect on how things are going and how things could be improved
2. For items the team wishes to improve, team members take ownership to see that the changes are made
